README.md, before:

<img src="./assets/Ency.png">


## 💡 Introduction

Researching and creating projects is tedious. Ency is a virtual assistant developed with the concept of automating research and organizing projects and assignments.

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-yellow) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-cyan) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-blue) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-yellow) ![TailwindCss](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwindcss-aqua) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-green)

## ✨Features 

- Summarize Text or Web Articles with a single click 👆
- Organize data with the block editor ⬛
- Get AI-generated content blocks based on your topic to get started 🏃‍
- Export your project in Txt or Pdf format 📝

---

### Team Coffee!☕

- [Karan](https://github.com/KaranSinghBisht) 😎
- [Saptarshi](https://github.com/saptarshibasu15) 😴
- [Milan](https://github.com/milan090) 🤠
- [Aidri](https://github.com/AIDRI) 😉
- [Aineas](https://github.com/AineasGamingYolo) 😉

##### Crafted With ♥ By Team Coffee

![love-badge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)

Commit message:

Readme Updates #5
Added How it works

README.md, after:

<img src="./assets/Ency.png">


## 💡 Introduction

Researching and creating projects is tedious. Ency is a virtual assistant developed with the concept of automating research and organizing projects and assignments.

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-yellow) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-cyan) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-blue) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-yellow) ![TailwindCss](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwindcss-aqua) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-green) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-orange) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vercel-blue)

## ✨Features 

- Summarize Text or Web Articles with a single click 👆
- Organize data with the block editor ⬛
- Get AI-generated content blocks based on your topic to get started 🏃‍
- Export your project in Txt or Pdf format 📝

## ⚙ How It Works 

[Link to the AI repository](https://github.com/AIDRI/ENCY-AI)

1. Ency is an Artificial Intelligence based on Transformers, a recent Deep Learning model, widely used for summarization and translation tasks, but more generally for Natural  Language Processing (NLP).

2. Ency is based on the Distilbert model, a variant of Bert, an AI model developed by Google Research in 2019. This model is therefore based on Transformers. Our AI uses the Transfer Learning method, to avoid the need for extensive training, which can last several weeks. So we import a Distilbert configuration, but we rewrite the model.

3. To facilitate the deployment of Ency, we use an instance of AWS, Amazon's servers, called EC3. This allows us to manage a small amount of information traffic, using two 4Gb CPUs. We can therefore offer you an answer in a bearable time, that is to say, about 10 seconds.

---

## Team Coffee!☕

- [Karan](https://github.com/KaranSinghBisht) 😎
- [Saptarshi](https://github.com/saptarshibasu15) 😴
- [Milan](https://github.com/milan090) 🤠
- [Aidri](https://github.com/AIDRI) 😉
- [Aineas](https://github.com/AineasGamingYolo) 😉

##### Crafted With ♥ By Team Coffee

![love-badge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)
